Add an additional explanation of initialization on assets:precompile (#3)
esminc/activejob-google_cloud_tasks-http: README.md

require 'active_job/google_cloud_tasks/http/inline' unless Rails.env.production?
```

#### Error when calling assets:precompile?

> When you call assets:precompile, all configs and initializers are loaded. If you load your credentials via environment variables they may not be available and the adapter initialization will cause errors. To solve this, wrap the `queue_adapter` config in a `unless ARGV.include?("assets:precompile")` condition. Eg.

Reviewer: This is a nitpick.

```suggestion
When you call assets:precompile, all configs and initializers are loaded. If you load your credentials via environment variables they may not be available and the adapter initialization will cause errors. To solve this, wrap the `queue_adapter` config in a `unless ARGV.include?("assets:precompile")` condition. e.g.:
```

Author: :+1: 4407e2c
